Mosnuic Version 3 12/06/2012

Yeshwanth Venkatesh  Email: yesh89@ccs.neu.edu

CONTENTS

1. INTRODUCTION
2. FEATURES AND BENEFITS
3. HOW TO START THE SOFTWARE
4. MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
5. LICENSE

1. INTRODUCTION

Mosnuic enables the user to generate a photomosaic, that resembles a given 
target image by using a set of tiles provided.

2. FEATURES

Mosnuic requires the user to specify the path to a target image and
the path to a set of tiles to be used in order to generate the photomosaic. 
It also allows the user to specify the path to an output file and the reuse 
limit of each tile. The path to the output file and the reuse limit are 
optional.

3. HOW TO START THE SOFTWARE

LINUX MACHINE (standard configuration)

Step 1. Start the Terminal Application.  
Step 2. Move to the directory where you have downloaded the software.  
Step 3. Extract the downloaded software into a desired folder by using the
        following command: 
        tar -C /<extract_folder> -zxvf mosnuic.tgz
Step 4. Move to the directory where you have extracted the software and
        execute the following command:

        ./mosnuic file1 dir2 [-o file3] [-r n4]

        where

        file1 is a Linux path for an existing file that contains the target
        image. 

        dir2 is a Linux path for an existing directory that contains the 
        tiles. 

        file3 is a Linux path for the image file to be created. 

        n4 is the maximum number of times a tile may be used. 


The square brackets in [-o file3] and [-r n4] are meta-symbols, and are not
part of the literal syntax of a command line. These square brackets indicate 
that the -o and -r are optional parameters. If any option appears more than 
once on the command line, the software will report an error. The software 
allows the options to appear anywhere in the command line following the path 
to the executable file (In other words the software allows the options to 
appear before file1, between file1 and dir2 or after dir2). The file1 and dir2 
should be provided in the same order. 

The software supports the following image formats:

BMP  (bitmap image file)
GIF  (Graphics Interchange Format)
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group)
PNG  (Portable Network Graphics)
TIFF (Tagged Image File Format)

The software requires at least one tile in dir2. This version of the software 
requires all the tile images to be in the same format. The width of each tile 
must be a divisor of the width of the target image, and the height of each tile 
must be a divisor of the height of the target image. 

If the [-o file3] option is not provided on the command line, then file3 will 
be constructed from file1 by inserting "_out" before the suffix (if any) and 
file3 will have the same format as file1. 

If the [-o file3] option is provided on the command line, and file3 ends in
".bmp", ".gif", ".jpeg", ".jpg", ".png", or ".tiff", then the format of the 
output image is implied by that suffix. If file3 does not end with one of 
these suffixes, then the format of the output image is the same as the target 
image(file1). 

If file3 already exists then the software will overwrite the file with the 
output image.  

This version of the software generates the output image (file3) with the same
dimensions (in pixels) as that of the target image.  

If the [-r n4] option is supplied, then n4 must be an unsigned integer.  
If it is not possible to construct an output image with the tile restriction
in place, then the software will terminate. 

If n4 is not provided then there is no limit on the number of times a single 
tile is used in the output image. 

4. MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

LINUX MACHINE
a. Standard Configuration.
b. Image processing Library(ImageMagick)[Required]. 

5. LICENSE

Copyright © 2012  Yeshwanth Venkatesh. 

